---
title: 
date: 2024-01-22
author: Me Myself
tags: [tags, tutoal, web]
---
# Look it's another post
This is the second one because it's better

-- An Excerpt from another blog for filler --
My mother bought me a gift the day she told me, as if to apologise for the bad news. It was called a Sam on Toast. A slab of solid Belgian milk chocolate with a blob of butterscotch in the shape of a fried egg. She’d got it for me, because I’m Sam. She said that it was already at stage four. The targeted treatment she would shortly be taking works for an average of three years, and then it stops, and the cancer grows again. I thought I’d have more time, she said. She told me that when she was five years old she’d realised, while lying in bed one night, that she wouldn’t always be a little girl, and one day she’d be a crooked old woman with a stick. The babysitter heard her screaming in terror. Now, suddenly, getting to be a crooked old woman with a stick didn’t seem so terrible any more.

She didn’t want people to know. She didn’t want to be pitied. She didn’t want to go on a year-long round-the-world eat-pray-love adventure. Mostly she wanted to keep working: to be useful. She’d always been practical, stoical, good at fixing things, problem-solving, puzzles. That wasn’t the whole story, obviously; she’d also always been active and creative and incredibly, effortlessly cool in a way I could never really approach, but since I’m her child it was the problem-solving I kept finding myself calling on. When I was a kid she’d patiently walked me through long division; a few years later she was the one who showed me how to fill out my tax return. She was still the first person I called whenever things went wrong. It hadn’t been passed down, her particular brilliance; when it comes to this sort of arena I’ve always been very, very stupid. I don’t solve problems; I discover entirely new problems that no one had even thought of before. Recently, I’d bought a big wide wardrobe online and then discovered it was actually very, very slightly too wide to fit around the corner into my bedroom. It bashed into the skirting board. So I’d done what any self-respecting adult would do, and phoned my mum for advice. Should I maybe rip out the skirting board? Seemed like the best option. I was just about to get going with a chisel when she suggested that before I started tearing up the walls I could maybe try lifting the wardrobe a few centimetres above the skirting board instead. I tried. It worked.

The Sam on Toast had a smiley face; the happy, friendly smile of a well-contented egg. I tried to be as positive as I could. I told her that there would be good things in the time she had left. Three years ago her treatment hadn’t even existed; maybe in another few years there’d be something else. But even barring a major medical breakthrough, all she needed to do was hang in there and there was a very good chance she’d get to meet her grandkids.